Indentation
PEP 8 recommends that you use four spaces per indentation level. Using
four spaces improves readability while leaving room for multiple levels of
indentation on each line

Line Length
Many Python programmers recommend that each line should be less than
80 characters. Historically, this guideline developed because most computers could fit only 79 characters on a single line in a terminal window.
Currently, people can fit much longer lines on their screens, but other reasons exist to adhere to the 79-character standard line length. Professional
programmers often have several files open on the same screen, and using
the standard line length allows them to see entire lines in two or three files
that are open side by side onscreen. PEP 8 also recommends that you limit
all of your comments to 72 characters per line, because some of the tools
that generate automatic documentation for larger projects add formatting
characters at the beginning of each commented line.
The PEP 8 guidelines for line length are not set in stone, and some
teams prefer a 99-character limit. Don’t worry too much about line length
in your code as you’re learning, but be aware that people who are working collaboratively almost always follow the PEP 8 guidelines. Most editors
allow you to set up a visual cue, usually a vertical line on your screen, that
shows you where these limits are. 


Blank Lines
To group parts of your program visually, use blank lines. You should use
blank lines to organize your files, but don’t do so excessively. By following
the examples provided in this book, you should strike the right balance. For
example, if you have five lines of code that build a list, and then another
three lines that do something with that list, it’s appropriate to place a blank
line between the two sections. However, you should not place three or four
blank lines between the two sections.
Blank lines won’t affect how your code runs, but they will affect the
readability of your code. The Python interpreter uses horizontal indentation to interpret the meaning of your code, but it disregards vertical
spacing